# CreditCardDB
A easy-to-use collection of all available information about every Credit Card offered to the United States of America banking market. 

## Credit Cards
Each Credit Card displays available information to the user.

## Search
Easily search through our database of Credit Cards. Search paramaters include Name, Bank, Brand, Bank Nick-Name, etc... 
Click on a card to view information and get the application link. 

## Add / Update
See something wrong or hear something new? Submit a new card, bank, or an update to add to the databas.
- Users without admin privledges will only be able to submit to the "Submissions" collection in firebase. From there, users with Admin privledges can open their "Submissions" tab in the website and see present and new submissions, where they can approve or reject the submissions. On approval, the submission will become valid data to add to the correct respective database. 

## Wallet + Tracking
Track information about your Credit Cards, get notified when any update occurs to your cards.
- Users have the option, under the credit card, to add cards to their wallet, or track cards. When you track or add a card to your wallet, any major to the card, or Selected Updates* will issue a notification to your account, or an email, explaining the changes.
  - *Selected upates will include All updates, Sign up Bonus updates, Card basic information updates, Card Reward upates, card bonus / bonus credit updates, etc...
### Wallet 
- The Primary purpose of the wallet is for reccomendations and reccomending to users.
- This means, If many users have cards A, B, and C in their wallet, and you have cards A and B, the website will reccomend that others users with your wallet also have card C.
- This will be helpful for users looking to apply to new cards.
### Tracking
- Tracking is simply to store cards you feel interested in, for whatever reason the user deems worthy. If you simply want to recieve udpates, if you are waiting for a sign up bonus to increase, if you are thinking of applying to some cards, or if you want to make a mock-wallet, are all good reasons to track cards.
- As of now, it has not been determined whether or not is is useful to reccomend cards to users based off cards they are tracking.
 
## Banks / Brand
Finding the landing page for a Bank / Brand is easy, search for the bank / brand in the search bar, or click on the hyperlink to a bank / brand from a Credit Card's info page. In the bank / brand landing page there will be a short information paragraph about the bank / brand, then a list of every card that the bank / brand offers. 
### Banks 
- Users will have the ability to rate each bank on a scale from 1-5 based on factors such as:
  - "Ease of Use"
  - "Customer Service"
- The Bank landing page will also feature typical rules / tendencies about the bank. These rules will often feature but not limited to information about applications, such as:
  - How many cards you can apply for within a given time frame
  - Can you apply for the same card twice?
  - Can you upgrade / downgrade cards easily?
  - Does this bank require membership?
  - Does this bank offer global bonuses for credit cards?
### Brands
- Because Brands typically associate with one Bank, they are linked to the Bank, but Banks are not linked to Brands. The information about brands is the same information as it's bank.
- There is going to be a small paragraph attached to the brand to display relevant informaion. 

## Data Points
Read charts and graphs generated by user's submitted information to determine and estimate variable information on credit cards. 

